[EXPORTABLE CODE] Update README for demo package (#854)
open-edge-platform/training_extensions: ote_sdk/ote_sdk/usecases/exportable_code/demo/README.md

## Prerequisites
* [Python 3.8](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
* [Git](https://git-scm.com/)

## Setup Demo Package

> 1. Install [prerequisites](#prerequisites) section. You may also need to [install pip](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/installation/). For example, on Ubuntu execute the following command to get pip installed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install [prerequisites](#prerequisites). You may also need to [install pip](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/installation/). For example, on Ubuntu execute the following command to get pip installed:
```

   ```
   sudo apt install python3-pip
   ```

2. Create clean virtual environment:
   ```

>    python -m pip install virtualenv

Reviewer: Why is it `virtualenv` and not `venv`?

Author: As one of possible ways

   python -m virtualenv <directory_for_environment>
   ```

   Before starting to work inside virtual environment, it should be activated:
   ```

>    source <directory_for_environment>/bin/activate

Reviewer: Is it the same layout for Linux and Windows?

Author: Added for Windows

   ```

>    Please make sure that the environment contains [wheel](https://pypi.org/project/wheel/) and if not, please call the following command:

Reviewer: Do you really need this "if"? Is it possible to always recommend running wheel installation command?

Author: Changed

   ```
   python -m pip install wheel
   ```

3. Install the package in the environment:
   ```
   python -m pip install demo_package-0.0-py3-none-any.whl
   ```

When the package is installed, you can import it as follows:
```
python -c "from demo_package import create_model"
```

> > **NOTE**: On Linux and macOS, you may need to type `python3` instead of `python`.

Reviewer: Even inside venv?

Author: moved this note to step 2

## Prerequisites

> * Python 3.8+

Reviewer 2: probably we should limit python version by 3.8 only, as I can see from OpenVINO docs, they claim 3.6-3.8 support on Windows and Mac OS (https://docs.openvino.ai/2021.4/openvino_docs_install_guides_installing_openvino_windows.html and https://docs.openvino.ai/2021.4/openvino_docs_install_guides_installing_openvino_macos.html), and do not specify exact version for Linux explicitly, but from PyPi we can know that it also supports 3.6-3.8 only, inspite the fact that 3.9 python bindings distributed with openvino IRC package.

cc @slyubimt @akladiev @andrew-zaytsev @moslex @yury-gorbachev

Reviewer 3: python 3.9 is included in support for 2022.1

Reviewer 2: that's nice, but I see python3.9 folder in OpenVINO 2021.4.2 python bindings (on windows)

Author: limited by 3.8

* Git

## Setup Demo Package

1. Install Python (version 3.8 or higher).

> 2. Install the package in the clean environment:

Reviewer 2: it would be nice to add steps on how to create this `clean environment`, we usually add such info in our docs, see https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo/blob/master/tools/accuracy_checker/README.md for example,

1. Python
accuracy checker uses Python 3. Install it first:

Python3, setuptools:
sudo apt-get install python3 python3-dev python3-setuptools python3-pip
Python setuptools and python package manager (pip) install packages into system directory by default. Installation of accuracy checker tested only via virtual environment.

In order to use virtual environment you should install it first:

python3 -m pip install virtualenv
python3 -m virtualenv -p `which python3` <directory_for_environment>
Before starting to work inside virtual environment, it should be activated:

source <directory_for_environment>/bin/activate
Virtual environment can be deactivated using command

deactivate

Author: added instructions for creating environment

>    Please make sure that the environment contains [wheel](https://pypi.org/project/wheel/) and if not, please call the following command:

Reviewer 2: can we just include wheel into requirements.txt?

Author: No, we can't. wheel is needed only for installation step and if we add `wheel` in reqs.txt, but virtual env will not contains `wheel`, we get error. I added description for step about creation virtual env and if the user follows the instructions, the installation stage will be successful. Anyway I think it is better if README contains info about `wheel` (in cases when user use `venv`).

Reviewer 2: ok, then

   # show results using some visualizer
   output = visualizer.draw(frame, objects)
   cv2.imshow(output)
   ```

## Troubleshooting

> 1. To use pip with proxy call the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. If you have access to the Internet through the proxy server only, please  use pip with proxy call as demonstrated by command below:
```
